com.bmwcarit.barefoot.analysis ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.analysis
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.analysis ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.analysis ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.markov ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.markov
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.markov ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.markov
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.topology
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.road
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.road ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.road
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.road ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.road ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.topology
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.road
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.scheduler ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.scheduler
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.topology ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.topology
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.topology ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.topology ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.tracker ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.tracker ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.tracker
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.tracker ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.spatial
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.tracker ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.roadmap
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.tracker ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util
com.bmwcarit.barefoot.util ---Uses--> com.bmwcarit.barefoot.matcher
